# How_to_Build_Your_Own_DLIS_Model

Guideline for Building Your Own DLIS Inference ModelHao ZhangPull Source Repo of abo-modelshttps://msasg.visualstudio.com/Bing_Ads/_git/abo-modelsPlease follow the ReadMe to pull the repo down with authorized.If your model will not be checked into this repo, you can also pull the abo docker image and develop directly.docker image name: adsbrain.azurecr.io/abo:latestAdd the SG AdsBrain ABO Users to get access to this docker image.Custom ModelStep1: Create folders to place your resourcesFolder structure: abo-models/[project_name]/[model_name]/m/[sub_model_name]/1(version)Example: abo-models/picasso/basnet/m/basnet/1Step2: Build your modelAfter pulling down the repo, create a container to customize your model.Step 2.1: Container Set UpCommand:docker run --gpus '"device=1"' --network=host -it --shm-size=1g --ulimit memlock=-1 --ulimit stack=67108864 -m 30g --cpuset-cpus 10-12 [image_name:tag] /bin/bashInside the container, the final project structure should be like this:- abo-models/picasso/basnet/m/basnet-- [version folder]---- model.py---- [other related files / folders to support model.py]-- config.pbtxt-- config.pbtxt.tp-- python_env_packageStep 2.2: Build up model.pyPython script named “model.py” will be the entry of the model. You may copy one from other projects. This file should be put under your version folder – for example, abo-models/picasso/basnet/m/basnet/1/model.py.An Example Built by Hao Previously : https://msasg.visualstudio.com/Bing_Ads/_git/abo-models?path=/team/picasso/roi/m/roi/1/model.py  And inside “model.py”, you should:Implement your model logic in "class ModelImpl ".Add unit test codes for offline debug / test (Optional)Update the checkpoint path to fit your need (Optional)NOT change anything in "TritonPythonModel" class.Step 2.3: Other Related Scripts / Packages / CheckpointsPlace your other python codes / checkpoints under version folder.Step 2.4: Python Environment PackageYou can copy our environment directly and customize based on it: py38_roi.tar.gz - Repos This env contains pytorch2.0, opencv4.2, and other common packages to support python3.8 running. If you don't need any other packages, use this package directly.If you want to add some packages into it, here are some steps you can refer to:cd /tmp (or other path to save the tar temporarily)tar -xzf /path/to/your/[env_name].tar.gz -C /tmppip install -t /tmp/lib/python3.8/site-packages [packages]Please check the pip version, it should be python3.8's pip.which pippip --versionfind / -name pip to see all pip commandIf you want to update some packages, add "--upgrade" after pip command.You can check if packages were installed successfully via: /tmp/bin/python import [package] [package] --versiontar -czf [env_name].tar.gz -C /tmp .Step 2.5: Config FileModify "name" "parameter" "batch_size" in the file to your own.An example: config.pbtxt - Reposconfig.pbtxt.tp - ReposI’m not sure which one is exactly used for env set up, so it’s better to modify both. Step4: Offline TestOnce custom model build finished, you should test offline to verify everything is expected.Step 4.1: Setup Env ParamsHere’s an example, you should refer this to set up your own (you may not change the content for red part):export ListeningPort=8886 export AB_MAX_SEQ_LEN=16 export AB_MODEL_PATH=picasso/lama/m export AB_INSTANCE_GROUP_COUNT=1 export AB_ENTRYPOINT=/v2/models/lama/versions/1/infer export AB_EXTRA_PARAMS="--allow-metrics false" (Optional) if you find issues to setup environment, try this: export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/usr/local/cuda/compat/lib.realAfter this command, use “run” command to start the offline service. Then you can call localhost:[LsteningPort] with request bodies to test or debug.Here’s an example to send request: offline_test_request_script_example.pyStep5: Build Docker ImageIf everything goes well, then you should build this container as a docker image package for online use. Commands:(inside container) exit(outside container) docker stop [container_id](outside container) docker commit [container_id] [alias]:[model_name]-[version]Then use ‘docker images’ to check if your image was generated.Step6: Upload to Gen2 StorageStep 6.1 Upload to Gen1 (ADL)We have not figured out how to upload docker image model onto Gen1 storage on A6000 machine yet, so here’s a reluctantly acceptable workaround for the user to consider.sudo docker export [image] /path/to/your_image.rardownload this rar file to your local machine by scp commandupload onto https://cosmos09.osdinfra.net:443/cosmos/DLISModelRepository/local/[alias] with visual studio scope extensionStep 6.2: Transfer from Gen1 to Gen2Create a branch here: Branches - Repos/Then, open this pipeline link: Pipelines - Runs for DLIS copy from cosmos to adls - define variables in codePoint ‘View’ (or ‘Edit’, don’t know why here’s difference between users)/Select your branch created just now and update params/The path should be like this: Point ‘validate and save’ to save your param/Run pipeline and select your own private branch.Step7: Submit Polaris JobAfter model was uploaded, you should create a Polaris job to verify on specific machine.Open Jobs - Polaris (binginternal.com) and submit a job:/or clone this job directly: Job - Polaris | b5c2d619-9c71-4c5b-ae13-91d507105796 (binginternal.com)Modify some values in configs://After succeeding you can see the latency and QPS stats at bottom of the page:/Note: If your model was prepared to onboard for production, please optimize your job and follow Oaas procedure to generate Oaas Qm Job Id here for next steps. If just for testing, please ignore this. DLIS_Model_DeploymentWith_OaaS_v2.docxStep8: Build DLIS ServiceOpen DLModelV2 - One Inference Portal, click ‘New Model’/Copy the Polaris Job Id inside the popup window. Then you will see page like this:/In ‘Key’ page, update ‘Environment’ and ‘Namespace’ to fit your machines;In ‘Hardware’ page, select desired machine to deploy (for details please see Appendix);In ‘General’ page, input the dri contact, and update the min / max instance num to fit your QPS need.In ‘General’ page, modify ‘Model Priority’ from Production to Test (if you need production, ignore this)In ‘ACL’ page, add ACLs to allow access;Press ‘VALIDATION’ above to test if you can deploy it. If it shows succeed, then you have finished the deployment procedures after click ‘SUBMIT’.AppendixQ1: How to check my allowed machines and environment?On the home page of DLIS portal, select ‘DLIS’ -> ‘Quota V2’;/Select your namespace, click the collapse button at left;/And then you will see the allowed machines and envs./